(upbeat music)
♪ Aren't you somethin' to admire ♪
♪ 'Cause your shine is
somethin' like a mirror ♪
♪ And I can't help, but notice ♪
♪ You reflect in this heart of mine ♪
♪ If you ever feel alone ♪
♪ And the glare makes me hard to find ♪
♪ Just know that I'm always
parallel on the other side ♪
♪ 'Cause with your hand in my
hand and a pocket full of soul ♪
♪ I can tell you there's
no place we couldn't go ♪
♪ Just put your hand on the glass ♪
♪ I'll be tryna pull you through ♪
♪ You just gotta be strong ♪
♪ 'Cause I don't wanna lose you now ♪
♪ I'm lookin' right at
the other half of me ♪
♪ The vacancy that sat
in my heart is a space ♪
♪ That now you hold ♪
♪ Show me how to fight for now ♪
♪ And I'll tell you, baby, ♪
♪ It was easy comin' back here
to you once I figured it out ♪
♪ You were right here all along ♪
♪ It's like you're my mirror, oh-oh ♪
♪ My mirror staring back at me, oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ I couldn't get any bigger, oh-oh ♪
♪ With anyone else beside me, oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ And now it's clear as this
promise that we're makin' ♪
♪ Two reflections into one ♪
♪ 'Cause it's like
you're my mirror, oh-oh ♪
♪ My mirror staring back
at me, staring back at me ♪
♪ Aren't you somethin', an original ♪
♪ 'Cause it doesn't
seem merely assembled ♪
♪ And I can't help but stare ♪
♪ 'Cause I see truth
somewhere in your eyes ♪
♪ Ooh, I can't ever change without you ♪
♪ You reflect me, I love that about you ♪
♪ And if I could I would
look at us all the time ♪
♪ 'Cause with your hand in my
hand and a pocket full of soul ♪
♪ I can tell you there's
no place we couldn't go ♪
♪ Just put your hand on the past ♪
♪ I'm here tryna pull you through ♪
♪ You just gotta be strong ♪
♪ 'Cause I don't wanna lose you now ♪
♪ I'm lookin' right at
the other half of me ♪
♪ The vacancy that sat
in my heart is a space ♪
♪ That now you hold ♪
♪ Show me how to fight for now ♪
♪ And I'll tell you, baby, ♪
♪ It was easy comin' back here
to you once I figured it out ♪
♪ You were right here all along, oh ♪
♪ It's like you're my mirror, oh-oh ♪
♪ My mirror staring back at me, oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ I couldn't get any bigger, oh-oh ♪
♪ With anyone else beside me, oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ And now it's clear as this
promise that we're making ♪
♪ Two reflections into one ♪
♪ 'Cause it's like
you're my mirror, oh-oh ♪
♪ My mirror staring back
at me, staring back at me ♪
♪ Yesterday is history, oh ♪
♪ Tomorrow's a mystery, oh ♪
♪ I can see you're lookin' back
at me, keep your eyes on me ♪
♪ Baby, keep your eyes on me ♪
♪ 'Cause I don't wanna lose you now ♪
♪ I'm lookin' right at
the other half of me ♪
♪ The vacancy that sat
in my heart is a space ♪
♪ That now you hold, no ♪
♪ Show me how to fight for
now, you show me, baby ♪
♪ I'll tell you, baby, ♪
♪ It was easy comin' back here
to you once I figured it out ♪
♪ You were right here all along ♪
♪ It's like you're my mirror, oh-oh ♪
♪ My mirror staring back at me, oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ I couldn't get any bigger, oh-oh ♪
♪ With anyone else beside me, oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ And now it's clear as this
promise that we're making ♪
♪ Two reflections into one ♪
♪ 'Cause it's like
you're my mirror, oh-oh ♪
♪ My mirror staring back
at me, staring back at me ♪
(upbeat music continues)
(hums)
(humming continues)
♪ You are, you are the love of my life ♪
♪ Now, you're the inspiration
of this precious song ♪
♪ And I just wanna see
your face light up ♪
♪ since you put me on ♪
♪ So now, I say goodbye to the
old me, it's already gone ♪
♪ And I can't wait, wait, wait,
wait, wait to get you home ♪
♪ Just to let you know, you are ♪
♪ You are, you are the love of my life ♪
♪ Girl, you're my reflection,
all I see is you ♪
♪ My reflection, in everything I do ♪
♪ You're my reflection
and all I see is you ♪
♪ My reflection, in everything I do ♪
♪ You are, you are the love of my life ♪